Add tooling tips (#639)
saleor/saleor-docs: docs/api-usage/developer-tools.mdx

---
title: Developer tools
sidebar_position: 2
---

Saleor includes a GraphQL Playground, an interactive GraphQL editor, allowing access to your Saleor instance's API through the web browser. The Playground lets you quickly familiarize yourself with the API, perform example operations, and send your first queries and mutations.

![Playground](./api-playground.png)

To view and try out the Playground instance of Saleor's demo store, visit the [Saleor Demo Playground](https://demo.saleor.io/graphql/).

### Authentication

> To run queries as the authenticated user, you need to add headers to your request. The headers section is located at the bottom left side of the Playground. To read more, how to get auth tokens, read [User documentation](developer/users.mdx#authentication).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run queries as the authenticated user, you need to add headers to your request. The headers section is located at the bottom left side of the Playground. You can find information on how to get auth tokens, and much more, in the [User documentation](developer/users.mdx#authentication).
```
